-Culture 1-
people are of average height with beautiful tan skin, the most common hair colors
are dark chocolate brown and black. They value control and perceive emotional outbursts as shameful.
They are godless but honor their elders, and have some spirituality with their ancestors.
Their clothes are simple but very good quality and are often dyed deep jewel tones when they are not dyed black
They do not discriminate between genders but women are often seen as more respectable due to their control
of their emotions, they also acknowledge those outside of the binary and offer them great respect.
Family oriented, the country is an excellent producer of delicate workmanship and machinery.
Their countryside is rocky and densely forested.
-Culture 2- 
people are above average height, the most common hair colors are golden and dark brown.
They value athleticism and have strong bonds between friends. They have many gods, but the
most called upon is the god of revelry. Their clothes are revealing, and they often wear gaudy
and elaborate jewelry. Everyone is taught to fight, however men are expected to belong to a
mercenary military group, and women are to handle negotiations and money. A matriarchy, these
people have wealth from shrewd planning and domination of other countries, they are also highly
relied upon for trade. Their countryside is flat and hot, but also hosts the most precious flowers.
-Culture 3-
people are quite short with hair similar to spun metal in shades of copper, gold, and silver. As self
proclaimed voices of the forest, they are a very insular community, so not much is known about them. 
When individuals do travel from their hidden nature home, they often wear loose natural fabrics and 
become fascinated when introduced to new flora and fauna.
-Culture 4-
people are odd their arms are too long their torsos are too short. Their hands are slender and each 
finger tapers to a thick nail, that they sharpen to points. The most common hair color is black, with
grey and white battling for second most common. Keen academics, these people honor knowledge and skill.
Many turn to the written arts, however it is not uncommon to have individuals as masters of many 
disciplines or to have foreign or ancient techniques become resurrected to fulfill the need to improve.
Valuing individuality, there is no typical attire among these people to be found, however it has become
common to wear a matching earring with their tribe(friend-family unit). A small state, the major source
of income is the traveling masters that visit other countries, only teaching those who offer small 
fortunes or show a true potential for their art. The country inhabits a ring of low mountains whose 
peaks provide freshwater rivers and their valleys a place where food producing trees flourish.
-Culture 5-
people are nomadic and have a knack for making even the most hostile beasts ridable. Small and slight
individuals of this country pride themselves on independence and often only travel in small groups. 
There is no hierarchy that lasts for very long and monogamous relationships are not the norm, however
respect is given to their gods and to those who have abnormal steeds. When they do leave their territory
it is not to stay in any one place very long, unless they are given the chance to care for many animals.
The terrain of their territory is diverse varying from forested, rocky spires, and flat plains.
-God 1-
GOD OF LAUGHTER AND DELIGHT
-God 2-
GOD OF WINE AND THE HARVEST
-God 3-
GOD OF CHARM AND WICKEDNESS
-God 4-
GOD OF JUSTICE
-God 5-
GOD OF THE PLANETS AND THE SKY

